---
title: "May 2025 - it's been a while, hasn't it?"
published: 2025-05-25
description: I bit off more than I could chew.
tags: [game, music, film, podcast]
draft: false
---

Ok, so maybe I became a little too ambitious in March.

## a little change to scheduling
I bit off a little more than I can chew. As of right now, my side projects and their timelines are:
- **[Here’s a Minute](https://www.heresaminute.com)** - weekly podcast, 1 episode per week
- **[Here’s an Answer](https://www.heresaminute.com)** - bi-weekly podcast, 1 episode every 2 weeks

and for the rest of the year:
- **The Night Train** - now releasing sometime in June.
- **The Murder at Gilmore Manor** - now a musical/play, written in the background, postponed indefinitely
- **Clark Coates and the Suspicious Slate** - writing, planned release in Q1 2026

## robotics
We won! After plenty of challenging steps and a bunch of last-minute strategy changes, we
(along with the [Ligerbots - 2877](https://ligerbots.org) and [BERT - 133](https://sites.google.com/view/bonny-eagle-robotics-team/page))
won the entire event at UNH. I'm so proud of us, and I can't wait to finally pick our new leadership
and start actively working on a documentation project that we've been planning in the background.

## music
I've been working on a few pieces for a small little EP that I've been planning on releasing in the near future.

### the night train
A song I've been working on since last April. I planned on performing it during a little school concert, but it's only now completely solidified, with some lyrics that resonate with (hopefully) more than one person.

I know I originally promised somewhere in April, but I also don't think it's ready in its current state. I don't have good artwork for it (I have yet to find some free time to go outside with my camera, unfortunately) and I do think I can do better with mixing.
As it stands right now, it's heavily reliant on an orchestral-type sound, but the balance doesn't feel quite right for me. I'm pushing it back, but it'll eventually release.

## podcast
Yes, I'm still doing a podcast.
### here's a minute
Vian and I have plenty of work to do outside our podcast. We're both busy with planning for newer ventures, so we've
made the decision to cut down our production to once every two weeks.

This also happens to coincide with our second season, featuring all-new music and, potentially, a new host.

### here's an answer
The reason that we've been putting off launching this podcast is because we've yet to receive enough submissions to make
this venture worth it. As soon as we start seeing a steady stream of submissions, we'll start production of it.

## newer ventures
As I've always stated, there's stories yet to be told all out there.

### the calcyx
I'm going to Stony Brook University in New York, pursuing a journalism degree. I've got some experience with journalism for
our school's paper, but it's not much. I plan on doing full, infrequent, and in-depth reports on the state of my local community
through a new venture called the Calcyx.

The name really only makes sense if you try and say it aloud. I'm aiming for six reports every calendar year.

## personal life
I'm headed over to Disney as part of a performance - so please wish us all good luck. I'm terrified.

### movies
I'm far too busy for movies and television for the most part, but I did happen to sneak in a few movies in the past few months.

#### the cat in the hat (yes, that one)
I was honestly surprised by how much I liked it. Mike Myers is probably not the best cat for a kid's movie, but he's so funny
and the film was definitely targeted at an adult audience. People did **not** like this movie at the time, but I can see why
it's become a cult favorite.

It should also be noted that I've purchased three copies of the movie so far - one as a Christmas gift for a gift swap, one
as a throwaway gag for a presentation I gave in psychology, and one for me to actually watch (and later try to "gift").

### games of note
I use a Mac, where game compatibility is almost entirely non-existent. Because of that, I decdied that acquiring a Steam Deck
would be a good purchase (it has been so far).

Plenty of Geometry Dash, Rhythm Doctor, and Vivid/Stasis has been played. Other games?

#### memories
Very few pieces of media have made me cry. This is one of them.

It's a short visual novel about a failed relationship. And it hurts to play through.

<iframe src="https://store.steampowered.com/widget/2219470/?t=One%20of%20only%20two%20games%20(so%20far)%20that's%20made%20me%20cry.%20A%20visual%20story%20about%20clothing%20and%20a%20failed%20relationship.%20" frameborder="0" width="646" height="190"></iframe>

## closing notes
I'm very tired, but I'm ready to get school over with so I can focus on these small projects
that I like doing in my spare time. Till next time!
